this is a brand that maybe not everybody
in North America is going to recognize
and in fact I can tell you right now
that many of their products I'm gonna
have trouble pronouncing because it's
all based on stars and their little
slogan is lightyears ahead of the game
so this is me onyx and I hope I'm saying
that right and then this particular
mouse is a new one it's actually not
even out yet but this is the Neos 3200
so the 5000 is already out but the 3200
is kind of like a slightly lower end
version of the 5000 you can see right
away that the ergonomics are designed
for a palm grip and this is a phenomenal
box like I I'm I'm a nun boxer I see a
lot of boxes yeah this is a great box
it's got like a nice matte black finish
it's very minimalistic it's got like
kind of a cool shape to it and let's
have a look at the overall well the
overall the overview on the back so you
can see it has seven programmable
buttons it has a custom LED light system
so you can actually change the colors of
the LEDs on this Mouse braided cable
which is pretty standard for a high-end
gaming mouse these days it has a 3200
dpi optical LED sensor so that means
that this is not a laser mouse it's got
a truly ergonomic design and it has
friendly rubber coating so all of these
are very very important and I will
actually be using this mouse and I will
let you guys know my impressions either
in a separate video or I'll add a clip
to the end of this one I'm not quite
sure yet it depends how long this is
model overview yeah okay that tells us
pretty much everything we know why don't
we start getting this out of the box and
we can talk a little bit more about it
as we go along so the first part we're
gonna take out is this and we will find
the cable there so it's just a beautiful
braided USB cable you can see that's
going to be quite durable there's not a
whole lot you'd be able to do to have
that snag on anything you can see that
there is a gold plated USB connector and
that once again is uh I would say
typical for a premium gaming mouse but
not all of them have that particular
feature Wow
knowing 20 driver CDs so I'm gonna go
ahead
assume that you either don't need
drivers it could be a driverless mouse
or that you can download the latest ones
from the neonics website which I did
visit and it's very nice all right here
we go
installation okay well maybe this will
tell us how to install it so the mouse
is plug and play all you need to do is
connect the mouse into a free USB port
the LED lights on the mouse will light
up and the mouse is ready to go your
operating system should automatically
recognize the mouse without restarts or
further actions okay so it is completely
driverless you plug it in and you go
that's simple okay warranty is two years
do not try to repair the product ok
customization you can download the
driver software yes you download the
driver software and that's where you can
do all of the customization for the
mouse it is equipped with the unique way
tuning system which allows you to change
the weight of the mouse horizontally on
both sides next to the center for a more
balanced feeling that's kind of cool
okay so let's tap the small buttons
forward so in here Oh hold on tap these
small buttons forward I wonder how you
do that ok I'll be back in a second the
cameraman and I puzzled over this for a
while and the conclusion we came to is
that it must be a typo from the the
næss 5000 manual because there's
there's no way this mouse comes apart
which is good because it does feel quite
solid and I was actually kind of amusing
myself off-camera when I noticed that
the the mouse is designed in Sweden it
says that on the package remember yeah
here it is designed in Sweden made in
China so I was just saying to the
cameraman it comes in one piece it
couldn't possibly be designed in Sweden
but it is so there you have it
alright let's have a look at how long
the braided cord is because that can be
relevant if you keep your computer tower
on the floor and you want to sit at your
death so let's say in theory I was
sitting at my desk like this and I
needed to reach something over
cameraman I might could reach it just
fine as you can see all right so that's
fairly straightforward now I want to
talk about the ergonomics of this mess a
little bit like I said I may actually do
a separate video showing that but okay I
think it should be pretty obvious what
mouse this this reminds us all of right
off the bat but you can see they've
actually made some improvements over the
ever-popular at Carey laser there's a
bit more of a contour for your two
fingers to rest here on the right hand
side of the mouse and they've actually
added some additional buttons so you've
got your one two clicks you've got your
mouse wheel you have your dpi up and
down and then you've got your back and
forward so they've added a dpi up and
well they've added one of the DPI
switches the iqari laser only has one -
to actually toggle between the two dpi
modes so that's one interesting change
it's got large slippy feet on the bottom
of the mouse so no matter what kind of a
mouse surface you're using you should
get good performance out of those and
they shouldn't wear out too fast because
you can see that they're quite thick now
in terms of the sensor performance I'll
have to get back to you guys on that but
thank you for checking out my unboxing
of the Neos 3200 high performance gaming
mouse from me onyx and hopefully you
will see a lot more out of this company